
Your dreams take you and you realise you are in a forest. In front of you is a rare light violet flower. The flower peaks your interest and you study it until you are interupted by Crocus, who is strangly chirping more violently than normal. When you notice and look up at Crocus, you also see that a strange fog has surrounded you withing this forest grove. The forest seems much more dark now than when about a minute ago, you start to head back. The mist is obscuring you way forward and you almost find it hard following the way home to the Circle of Dreams. Your walk turns into a light jog as you swear the mist is providing resistance in your strides forward.

When you are almost home, you destinguish some beams of light piercing the mist fom were the encampment is. You speed up your movement as you now see the darker shade of mist rising towards the sky from the encampment, only it is not mist but black smoke rising. As you move you start to hear the fire and agonized wails coming form The Circle. 

The wind dashes you with coldth and humidity as you stuggle to move forth through the fog. As you break though the misty veil you witness a horrible scene. The campment is ablaze, half dead people and corpses of both the druids and your peers litter the ground.  A dussin vile, feral humanoid creatures feed from the peoples' necks and continue the desacration of this holy site of nature. 

One person stands out among the chaos. A tall man, back towards you with fine garments and a long maroon cape facing The Fane, your Circle's shrine to The Wildmother. The Fane lies desacrated and broken while the man stands proudly and victorious. The man turns towards you and locks eyes. Though you can not see his face, for it is obscured by shadow, you still see his jet black hair and snow white complexion. You feel his red eyes piercing you with a look. His face forms a grin and he raises a hand up in the air. Thius prompts all the creatures to stop feeding from the corpses and turns their attention to you.

The man clenches his fist, which prompts his spawn to start sprinting towards you. You manage to shoot a some of your assailants with your crossbow, but you are quickly overwhelmed and fall to the ground with a pile ontop. When you are pressed into the ground it seems as the ground rots and givins into the weight, causing you to sink like quicksand from under you. Like falling through rotten branches the ground breaks, opening into an endless dark abyss as you start falling. The vile spawn above you fall aswell and you feel your soul sinking, until you reach dark nothingness.

From out of oblivion, the vestage of an old woman appears before you. The woman is wearing colorful robes of yellows and oranges. She opens her mouth and speak with a broken accent: "I see you Aculeus." She raises a hand and magically shuffles a deck of cards, plucking out one of them and making it float towards you. "One born from our land, hiding to alter it forever. Will you restore it or let it be I wonder?" The card flips over. It's a pictured card with the text: The Transmuter [https://i.imgur.com/giaJQw7.png] "Travel to the village of Idsmouth. Find the other." 

After those words you are shot out of you dream. You wake into your bed at an untouched Circle of Dreams, drenched with cold sweat and breathing heavy. On your bedside table, you see a card flipped down. Upon furhter inspection, it's The Transmuter