Birth and childhood:
I've been told my mother Umbra and father Fenrin were an unlikely pair, one a brooding noble working as a knight and one a druid who cared for the forests nearby. 
My father never blamerd me for what happened, my mother dying in childbirth, though the medics say she was gone for most of the night before I first cried out a breath.
It was a dark moonless night, or so it was supposed to be, had the moon not lit a red hue on the land below.
It didnt help that my mother was rumoured to be dealing in dark rituals, as city folk often are suspicious of the rarer magics and druids were rare in citys. Nothing was ever confirmed of dark rituals and my father protected her honor to all his ability.    
Though I was fed and taken care of, I never felt in place in that dingy city, not with the rumours that lay around me and my family, the hushed whispers and stares, my unnaturally white hair only making it worse.
Maybe they were right in condemning me, people seemed to get hurt around me, shrinking back whenever they felt my unnaturally cold skin. But what could i do about it... 

Teen years and a grove of druids: 
Once I grew of age to depart on my own. I said goodbye to my father, though no tears were shed by either party for we knew it was for the best. 
I left to follow the same path my mother came to the city with, through two harsh moons I reached a circle of druids, where i first say the gentle magics of the druids.  
I had entered the circle of Dreams, where i spent the next decade of my life, the ways that once seemed strange, the whispers of sylvan that made the world bloom now becoming clearer.
I grew to love the flowers that lined the grove and people who were so kind and unjudgemental. 
As I saw animals and friends het hurt, he learnt to heal, through herbs and potions and a hint of magic.

A red night:
One cold night a red moon rose again, leaving with it a dream, one that would lead me to my new family... and Borovia.
When I woke to find the card of the transmuter, lying on my bedside counter, I grew afraid. What was this dream, no... a vision. I sat upon the bed for a good while, pondering what transpired. Strange grew the quiet, Crocus was nowhere around.
He had dissapeared in the night, he left and came as he pleased. He knows how to find me, I thought since he always had. I gathered the few belongings i had, deciding to pay heed to the old womans omen, stashing the card I'd been so keenly observing.
I went to the Shrine of the Wildmother for the last time, taking my time and reaising a patch of narciccuses and wildflowers. The other druids would know why i had left, a new biginning, a rebirth to protect them and whoever i could from befalling to the omens.
Off I set towards the tiny town of Idsmouth. The journey was a distance of two moons. My only companion during that time were the plants of the land and Crocus, well the rare few times he was with me. But I reached it, determined to heed the dreams.

goals: To heal more people that i hurt.
ideals: Protect the innocent and the maternal bond
flaws: Believes that people are good by nature, but horrible by circumstance. Is too gullible in goodness for he wants to believe there's good in him too.

