Aistram- travelling city{
    Vichel- the slave trader with Tazak
        Yoren- the manager of fights int hte ainstram arena
}
Lain- the pirate band/slave trade leader {
    heading to Caesta
        used to posess Tazak and Kit.
}
Mayora{
QUEST: look into ghost and target on my back.
}


Mavin Oakle's briefcase{ briefcase with 2 sirums and a seringe}
Danna Silvester- elf

Tazak- Dragonborn

Devil mask Estate
Barden- human with plague mask
Giussepina- human leader of the estate, Moran's daughter
Kashiki- big strong, round.
Unknown named cute waiter
The leader- Man with a devil(fox) mask

Elwin(Merkava real name)- half elf, most ~~likaly~~ Definitely Tay's father. Cleric has a skull lookin dude who oversees the purification of souls as his patron.

Rokkom - underground area noble, needs help and will help in defeating John

Ivarno and his cat, Lilim- a trap tiefling bard. Elwin dislikes him.
John(kid)-

Moran- human wizard giuseppina's estranged dad, now on bad terms.

    Dr. Mavin- The one who took Lohe's blood, also caused the dawns light disaster
Medichi- in the evil place (SHORT BROWN HAIR, GLASSES, BEARD, little girl, hospital)

    James- good kid, might be a part of the curators tho.

    Oan- jame's boss, also has a long name, runs a bakery.

    Nemorah-Lohe's boyfriend  The person in the art gallery, male though looks female. Seems gentle and nice.
    legacy: Betrayed Lohe to Jaxin, Is swayed to a yet unnamed oranization(ask if the Curators).
    Animal head- captired by tay, currently in moran's.

    Jackson/Jaxin the buisness man- a psycopath who likes to torture people, also likes bodies and necromancy, the one who made the statues..
(DECEASED)
    [well, probably]

Simon- works in the Sunken Vessel, sleepy eyes, used to be married. (possible animal head)

    Reyer Sult- heavily short brown hair, human, womanizer, cocky, has seen Danna, is the "bard", incredibly intellegent, good looking.

    Elwin- half elf likely (not) tay's dad.

    spare teh innocent
{
    15 young girl, teens
        dr cervo
}


the vulgur unicorn

date- sunday- 5 testuro 28

Art gallery with Namora's paintings
{
    Daenir gallery - in 0 day
        date - friday - 5 Testuro 33
}

Find animal head
{
    Moran asks the party to find animal head, the man wjo killed his wife.
        We cut animal head in half, he got better.
        found inividuals who might be animal head:
        Nemorah, Simon.
}

The curators need investigating- ask barden
{
    The dectectives also looking into them.
        Only strike rarely.
        wrote a letter to barden.
        He will help if the party keeps helping.
        one might participate in the sphero games.
        mostly do heists on the 4th layer.
}


(completed)the drug trade
{
    Recieved mail from devil mask.
        found post office mentioned by dealer,
              drugs or not, take secure of it.
}

(completed)the thirst needs taking care of- Dr Marvin
{
    only went away after eating mana roots
        gave blood sample
        results in a few days
        they go to see the doctor
        Lohe was addicted to mana root
}



Shu: Winter
Pele: Summer
Watatsumi: Spring
Testuro: Fall
